#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.4
    # via -r requirements.in
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via passlib
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
choreographer==1.0.9
    # via kaleido
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.10.3
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via python-jose
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
faiss-cpu==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.59.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via streamlit
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   mssql-mcp-server
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   mcp
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kaleido==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.74
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-openai==0.3.30
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.0
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.14
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
logistro==1.1.0
    # via
    #   choreographer
    #   kaleido
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mcp[cli]==1.12.4
    # via mssql-mcp-server
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
mssql-mcp-server==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==2.1.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   plotly
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
openai==1.99.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.11.2
    # via
    #   kaleido
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kaleido
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
passlib[bcrypt]==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
plotly==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via streamlit
psutil==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyngrok==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyodbc==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mssql-mcp-server
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
    #   pydantic-settings
python-jose[cryptography]==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via mcp
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==311 ; sys_platform == "win32"
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   pyngrok
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.7.34
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.1.0
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via python-jose
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentence-transformers==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==2.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via choreographer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via mcp
starlette==0.47.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
streamlit==1.48.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.4
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.8.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.5.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.55.4
    # via sentence-transformers
typer==0.16.0
    # via mcp
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via mcp
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
